This is a head-gum original.
Great.
Is there a song to play with?
Thanks to just vibe. Nice to just vibe.
It's wonderful.
Yeah.
Lubricate your spine.
Episode 101.
Wow.
Woo!
We aren't supposed to be doing this.
I don't have express written permission from the network.
In fact, I was let go.
Um, so...
Perfect.
That's why I thought it'd be fun to just have...
Sessely and Lucian.
My two good friends.
She's trying to build me back up.
And to do this under the table.
If you're anything about us, that's what our vibe is.
Is under the table.
Yeah.
And you can use this for cloud any time.
Um...
You guys are very funny, LA-based comedians.
Sessely, some head-gum fans might know you from Jeffrey the dumbass.
Okay.
Uh, and review review.
Um...
This is a very special day though, because it's Lucy Belize.
Uh, debut-e.
It is.
My debut-e.
Yeah.
Um, do you guys want to plug your stuff up top,
so people can know where to find you?
Absolutely.
Especially taking away.
Okay.
Thrilled to plug.
Always a quick little butt plug.
Um, I...
You can catch me on Instagram and TikTok at Sessely Bro.
BREAUX.
I know it's so funny that my last name is Bro.
Um, and I have a...
It's a show at the friend called The Bro Show.
Um, every Wednesday at APM.
Jeffrey has been on it.
He's so funny.
Um, and...
What else?
Do I do?
Oh, we do a show called Teddy Committee.
Uh, and that's for my gum June 2nd.
Both of our sisters birthday.
Wouldn't you know?
Gemini season?
Yeah.
Gorgeous quince.
So, come to that.
Uh, at L.Cid at APM.
And if you want to watch me on TV, you can watch the dropout.
Oh, right.
I need to amand a safe-free.
Syfreed.
Soar good.
Safe-fried.
Santa.
My name.
My name is Lucy Bleahar.
Uh, I am an actor, writer, and comedian based in Los Angeles.
I'm 5 foot 10 and a half.
Good.
Um, I do Teddy Committee with Cecilie.
June 2nd.
As you heard, I'm just going to repeat it for those of you who are not active listening.
Um, I also do social media at Lucy Bleah.
The LE.
You're sort of bleeding up on TikTok.
I'm bleeding out on TikTok.
I'm bleeding out.
Um, you can catch me on, um, a bunch of different, like, web shows that I do with this production company called Pollution.
One of them is Conspiracy Central, where I relay misinformation on Facebook.
Uh, video.
And you're an alt-right talking head.
I've been getting some proposals from, like, middle-aged men who are like,
I love what you're, like, you're telling the truth about the one-world government and you're so beautiful.
And I'm, like, this is a simply a paycheck for me.
But thank you.
Lucy, line them up.
Take them out.
I also want to say I'm also an actor and a writer and comedian.
I'm sorry.
I didn't say what I do.
It sounded like, okay, don't cut that out.
I just, I just thought, you should know.
Um, are you guys going to bring back Sunday school?
We both been booked and blessed.
God bless.
It's just been a busy task.
That.
So that was your guys' Teddy Committee podcast.
The version of the live show that they do.
And I'll sit and I did an episode of that.
That's one of the most fun podcasts I've ever guessed it on.
We had a great time.
Our last episode with Cat Cohen before her special.
She's wonderful.
Jeffrey, we had so much fun with you.
We were all going over for that episode.
So hungover.
Oh, yeah.
Where were we the night before?
We're real together.
We were all in Hollywood Hills.
We were at a party in Hollywood Hills.
We were at that exclusive party.
So exclusive.
But you can find those episodes in Spotify and iTunes.
We have.
There's a lovely backlog.
Um.
But yeah, we'll be to answer your cue.
We'll be coming back as soon as one of us gets famous enough for us to actually make money off of it.
Exactly.
Yeah, that's the key.
That's the key.
That's a major killer.
Don't do recorded radio unless it makes cash.
Because it's really, yeah.
It's more work than you would expect.
It is actually a more work than you'd expect.
But let's.
Let's start this show.
Everybody.
Please.
Just.
Let's get it started.
Ha.
Oh.
Monday.
May second.
We've got a lot to get to actually.
Um.
segments galore.
Let's start it off with everybody's.
Bond of the week.
Every week until the next James Bond is cast.
We're lobbying up our picks for casting to sort of wax about who could be the next 007.
007.
I'm going to call it right now.
Mr. Beans.
Mr. Beans or Mr. Bean.
Mr. Bean.
Mr. Beans is.
Mr. Beans.
Yeah.
So the same last name.
But slightly different.
That's okay.
That's right.
They're cousins.
Yeah.
But it's your marriage.
Okay.
Yeah.
Mr. Bean.
Someone with the last name beans buried into the bean family.
Yeah.
There's the beans and then there's the bean.
You're talking about I think the lowest probability.
I believe in love.
Sorry.
Love is love.
Even if you know last name.
Yeah.
My vote.
I think it's going to have to be Harry Styles because we see him cracking into the movie franchise.
Okay.
The movie franchise.
What am I talking about?
What's that?
Don't worry.
That preview.
I just sent you where you don't worry.
Gaslighting.
He's a gaslighting.
He could go.
Gaslight me any day.
I mean.
Yeah.
You know we're with a train.
Harry.
He could run me over with the train that he is conducting.
Oh.
Yeah.
My vote.
Harry Styles.
I think Rowan Atkinson obviously could play a very convincing Mr. Bond.
Uh-huh.
Mr. Bond.
Yeah.
You're I think he could be a good Bond villain.
Oh, yeah.
I think he could be a good Bond villain.
You have the layer.
Uh-huh.
And you have the layers.
More layers.
Yeah.
I would love.
Okay.
Actually.
Let's talk about this for a second.
It's my dream to just like only play villains.
Yeah.
Of course.
Well, yeah.
You are one.
I do feel like you're the.
Yes.
I feel like you're rising.
Sessily's like evil twin.
Wow.
And as you know,
Sessily's a griffendor.
I'm a slithering.
Of course.
You Jeff.
I'm a.
I'm a hoffle puff.
I think you're.
I think so too.
I think you're a hoffle puff.
But you.
Wow.
I think.
Okay.
If you are the hoffle puff.
I like bullied Harry.
And was like, we hate you.
I think your both came for grounds.
Keep.
This is not how I wanted the show to go.
Your filters cast like it's like stuck on the way.
Like Mrs. Wiggins.
What's her name?
You're starting off with a lot of drama.
Mrs. Wiggins.
Mrs.
Oh my god.
What was her name?
Mrs. Norris.
Norris.
Yes.
You know, sometimes I feel bad when I have my real friends on this show.
Because I'm such a dick on this show.
But you just said, I'd be, what is it?
The groundskeeper, Mr. Filch.
Yeah, Mr. Filch.
So it's no holds barred now.
Here we go.
My bundle week is John F. Lungren.
Oh.
He's the CEO of Quicksett.
Nope.
Don't know what that is.
It's the key company.
You don't know about Quicksett?
No.
The key company.
My key is for door.
It's not no bad keys.
You must not know about keys.
They're better than keyless entry doors.
Keys have the power to solve all wars.
They way, you must not know about keys.
You must not know about keys.
You can get them cut at any home depot.
So don't you ever for a second get to think in.
They're here replaceable.
Wow.
Yeah.
Is that your sponsor?
What's that?
Is that your sponsor for the day?
I wish.
Quicksett.
No.
I think John F.
Could be a good bond.
John F. Lungren.
Do you want to see this guy?
Oh.
I've already chosen to forget yours.
John F. Lungren.
My thing with hairy styles is that he's too recognizable.
You need somebody who, you know,
nobody knows like John F. Lungren.
Oh.
Look at the chest of the background for him.
Yeah.
This isn't being like, I think I should try something different this year.
Honestly, he has a genuine smile.
I think this is actually happy guy.
Oh.
Yeah.
But his eyes are saying.
Not a lot.
That's all I'm going to say.
The eyes are giving me a lot of.
But who's for a villain?
Yeah.
No.
Well, no, he's going to be James.
He's going to be the bond.
Yeah.
Oh.
Okay.
That's bold casting on your heart.
But let's give him a chance.
Let's give him a chance.
I think casting would like to have a conversation about John F. Lungren.
Sure.
I want to see my unknown faces.
Yeah.
TV.
Get that man.
A chance.
Give this white man a chance.
That's what I've been saying on all my web shows is like,
Where are the men?
Where are they?
That white man a chance.
Give him a chance.
He's been through enough.
I just realized that my microphone wasn't connected.
You haven't been hearing any of these sound effects.
No.
That's why we've been wondering why you were dancing to nothing.
But we were going.
No, I mean, did any of us say anything?
No.
You didn't hear.
So you didn't hear the intro song.
You didn't hear any of the major killers.
I love that song.
I mean, I knew the reference, but didn't hear it playing.
No.
That's deeply uncomfortable for me.
You should know how healthy you are that Lucy and I both had.
We were like.
Yeah.
Okay.
He's doing his little.
Let me do it.
Well, let's get into some news of the day.
So President Obama last week has called for more scrutiny of tech giants.
All right.
He's quoted as saying tech companies need to be more transparent about how they operate.
This is that a speech.
What'd you say?
I said, okay.
Oh.
Let me finish.
This is that a speech at Stanford University.
And he said so much of the conversation around just information is focused on what people post.
The bigger issue is what content these platforms promote.
Let's talk about it.
What do you guys think of what's that?
I was just saying an agreeable.
Hmm.
Okay.
I was like.
Let me finish.
Yeah.
Um.
Oh.
What do you think tech companies roles are with regards to free speech, hate speech.
And far right this information.
Let's start with Lucy.
Whoa.
Okay.
This is where things get a little bit muggy as we would say in Pittsburgh.
That means humid.
That means swampy.
That means a little bit confusing.
You're disoriented.
Because if you think about free speech, it's like, yeah, anyone can say any old thing.
But then when we're talking about misinformation, look, that's what got Trump elected.
Sure.
Same thing with hate speech.
It's like technically, yeah, that's free speech.
But do we allow it?
So are you asking me should tech companies play a role in censorship?
Of hate speech and alt-right misinformation?
Yeah.
Yes.
But then we're getting into like the amendments.
However.
Yeah.
I do think that the amendments are called amendments because they're amendable.
And why are we still referring to the Constitution in today's age?
Like what people are like, the Constitution says.
Thank you.
Okay.
I thought I was shot.
I always think I'm being shot.
I mean, okay, here's, here's my one argument against the, I mean, not my one argument.
I guess the Constitution.
Because everything else is like sound.
Sure.
But okay, the right to bear arms when that was given everyone had, like, muskets.
They didn't have, like, blocks and AK-47s.
Yeah.
So, like, we should amend it as the times they are a change in.
Yeah, that's really good.
So, that was my very Libra approach to saying, like, I don't know.
My thing is that hate speech isn't free speech because there's a price to pay.
Yep.
What's that?
That, yep, was locked and loaded no matter what I said.
Yep.
Color out.
Anyway, sadly.
Thoughts on this.
I think let's be honest.
People are weak and they're just, they're, like, they're not calling it.
Like, oh.
I'm sorry, sorry, I hope we're sound.
Okay, you're in.
Sorry, my hair got swept all the way back.
I lost it.
And both now.
And then Lucy, you coming with the GI Gen joke.
Yeah, here we go.
Which is, I think, that's free speech.
Okay.
That's free speech.
Here's my thought.
Here's what I'm going to say.
Here's the thing.
We all know that hate speech should not be allowed.
Like, the whole nuance of, like, oh, the amendments, all that, like, let's be honest.
We know what is good and what is bad.
What is bad is hate speech.
So, just fucking call it out and say no more.
And easy.
Done.
But the thing is, is there people want to make money.
So they're like, oh, well, you know, we got to bring up the constitution and everyone's
like, free speech and all that.
And it's like, at the end of the day, we all know that these people are evil and bad
and are saying bad things that are causing harm got Trump elected is like straight up, like,
just propaganda.
Like, how, everyone's like, how do World War II happen?
This is how it happened.
Yeah.
That's how I feel.
I'm like, I mean, everyone, we can talk about it all day, but at the end, we know it's evil and bad.
And it should be stopped, but they're not going to do it.
Because they're like, oh, they have people who are using their platforms, who are, you know,
investing in it.
So that's what's going to happen.
I, this, these were very real answers that I agree with everything, both of you guys just said.
If a mirror was here, which, thank God, he isn't because again, I don't even know if this
episode's going to go live because I was fired last week.
He wouldn't have let you guys treat that with any gravity.
So I'm really, I'm really enjoying this.
Let's move on to something a little more lighthearted, but not unrelated dating an L.A.
Yeah.
I'm just a man.
That's not dating a L.A.
You guys on the apps.
Are you guys, are you guys on field?
Field.
Okay.
We did learn about this through Georgia set.
So it field is the, I was the friend that got him on that.
You were the friend.
Did you try the one field?
I was on field.
What's your king?
I'm not saying.
I was trying to get you to talk.
What's your king?
What's your one king?
His king is your last one.
His last sound effects over women's voices.
Yeah.
I love sound effects.
With airplanes.
Sound effect.
Good boy.
Um.
Anyway.
You guys never are on field.
You guys are about dating people, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
I'm casually friends with my boyfriend.
It's what?
What's that?
Nothing.
I love him.
We're together.
Yeah.
But see me and my boyfriend met on hinge.
Which he was like, let's not tell people we met on hinge.
But I was like, what were we supposed to do?
You met on fringe.
No.
Trinch.
Um.
What's fringe?
It's like, it's the app that's meant to be deleted for couples.
Oh, fringe.
Hmm.
I meant to say, throuples.
Um.
You met on hinge.
I didn't know.
I love both of your boyfriend's, but specifically Max.
Hey, Max.
Sorry.
We see you two saying, any time we go out, any time we go out.
Yeah.
Jack goes, hey, says, where's Max?
Right away.
Not even no question of like, how are you doing to see you right away?
Couldn't get it out quick enough.
So what's your beef with Eli?
Why don't you love me?
I just don't know what you love Max.
Oh.
Neither do I.
He's elusive.
No.
I thought.
Neither do I.
He's like serving some Lucius mouthway energy.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
But then sometimes he's super goofy.
Oh, he's such a goofy.
He's such a sweetheart.
But he is like the Mr. Darcy of our lives.
Yeah.
Trouided in mystery.
Sure.
Me and Mr. Bangley over here.
Fucking.
Yeah.
You are with Mr. Bangley.
I think Jeff is kind of a Mr. Bangley, too.
Or maybe I'm Mr. Wickham.
Oh, you're Mr. Wickham.
That's like, Mary.
Yeah.
I don't even have Mr. Rick over.
I remember when her friends like, no, it's cool.
He has a house.
He's a homeowner.
He's 27.
I'm not 27.
I'm 25.
I'm 27.
Yeah.
Mr. Wickham.
You know, Kira could sing?
No.
Really?
Where could we listen to her sing?
Yeah.
She was in, well, begin again.
Never seen that.
Really?
Do you mean a tone man?
Oh, a tone man.
A tone man.
Let's not forget young Sarsha Ron and that movie.
Sarsha's so young.
Yes, my pink was my pink is the library scene from that movie.
You're not quite sure if I can't remember, I mean, let's be honest, I can't remember,
but it wasn't clear to me if she was entered or not in the library.
She was entered.
There's penetration for sure.
Dating an L.A.
Let's go through this.
Have you guys ever had your version of the library scene from a tone,
and also what's the, what are the spots?
Yes, I have.
What are the spots?
I have as well.
Although I've never seen a tone, but I know what you're talking about.
Yeah, I actual library, USC library, if I don't forever.
Oh my God, that's the stacks, not even like the fancy library.
No, I went, of course, well, there's people everywhere in the fancy library.
You have to go down, ground.
Down, ground, ground, ground, ground, ground, ground, ground, ground, ground.
Sounds like a horrible, like, you know, roll tied style sports slogan for a college that,
yep.
Don't ruin this for us.
Mount down this one here.
Daddy, chill.
Lucy, your response to Pablo Pascal's viral video made me laugh out loud.
I mean, if any man were to just casually be like, I'm your daddy.
I would just feel like.
I have an epileptic seizure.
But like, did you read that video, like, my response as a good response, as a positive response?
Yeah.
Okay, good.
Because I think some people were like, yeah, he's disgusting.
But I was like, no, no, this is me, absolutely giving myself a verse to him.
You're floored.
You're pelvic floor.
I was pelvic floor.
And I was.
You're killer.
Find what brings you.
Honestly, sexual joy.
And follow the path.
Yeah.
That's all we have these days.
Follow the yellow bricked up road.
Hey.
That's what they say.
Which more thief.
How's dating and elephant for you, Jeff?
Dating and it's served me well.
It's, it's, what's that?
That's amazing.
There's a blister of ideas.
So we get rid of that.
Why did I ask?
Oh, no.
Just like, yeah.
Oh, hey, I'm getting pussy.
Yeah.
I don't know what else to say.
I spread four things.
Oh.
Joy.
Truth, libel and legs.
Oh, God.
God.
I'm glad you're fired.
This is no longer a safe place.
I'm not a safe place for you anymore.
Well, let's take a break.
Because I can already feel the energy shifting.
I want to kind of bring us back.
Let's thank some sponsors.
We'll be right back.
Oh, yeah.
Guys, everybody's talking about fake spring and how difficult it is to dress around this time.
But that's because it is.
You know, it can be so difficult to find the right outfit in the spring.
When every day is different, the weather can change at the drop of the hat.
Luckily, Ferry makes it way easier.
They make the perfect clothes for all seasons.
Ferry is a family run brand, making high quality, timeless clothing with modern design.
And functionality.
It's that kind of effortless style that you want.
Every time you go digging your closet, that's set, that shirt, that dress.
That feels like you've had it for years.
Maybe it's in a gorgeous print and maybe it looks vintage.
But it fits so well that it feels like it was just made yesterday for you.
Well, that's fairity.
I'm really serious, guys, that I'm excited about this sponsorship.
It kind of came out of nowhere, but I have been wearing Ferry clothes for.
It sounds like a joke, but the better part of a decade.
It's been like five years.
And I don't have that many things from them.
But you know, I wear them all the time and they've lasted the, the test of time.
There's a lot of other clothing brands that, yeah, or maybe more affordable.
But they end up having to buy multiple ones because they wear through.
They wear out.
They just start feeling nasty.
Ferry, my fit clothes from Ferry feel as good as the day I got him.
If not, better because they're high quality.
And Ferry is so confident in the quality of their stuff that they have a lifetime guarantee of quality.
They'll replace or fix your clothes forever no matter what.
I mean, talk about making it easier to get dressed.
I wouldn't even have to use it in over five years because it's just that good.
But lifetime guarantee, maybe at your 10, I might send it into Ferry.
Right now, Ferry is giving headgun podcast listeners 20% off.
That's 20% off.
That's a big chunk.
So just head to Ferrybrand.com and use code.
What's that?
A check out to snag 20% off all your new spring staples.
That's code.
What's that at Ferry?
F-A-H-E-R-T-Y brand.com for 20% off.
Thanks Ferry.
Guys, moms are also often one of the people in our lives who still
leave voicemails on our phones or call us just to say hi.
Right?
So this mother's day.
Make that next mom call extra special.
Spoil your mom with the gift of quality premium wireless audio courtesy of Raycon.
Raycon wireless earbuds are must have for super moms.
All those masters of multitasking you need to keep their hands free.
With Raycon's, they can stay entertained listening to their favorite podcast or music
plus take phone calls with vivid voice technology all hands free.
Raycon's are user friendly for those moms who are just switching to wireless earbuds.
Easy to set up.
Easy to use and seamless, blue tooth pairing.
Plus they come in a bunch of fun color options so you can find mom a color that suits your personality and style.
With optimized gel tips for the perfect in-ear fit,
these earbuds are so comfortable and they will not budge.
All right, trust me.
She will not have a hard time getting used to them.
I mean, moms are sometimes the worst to change.
But with Raycon, it's going to be easy.
And for the mom on the go, Raycon's offer eight hours of playtime and a 32-hour battery life.
Right?
With their compact portable charging case.
And their price just right.
You get quality audio at half the price of other premium audio brands.
And Raycon every day earbuds have over 49,000 five-star reviews.
Perfectly fitting for a five-star mom.
Right?
Don't take my word for it.
But I also love Raycon's.
They've replaced the other wireless earbud that, you know, I'm sure we all know.
Just the same audio quality, if not better, half the price.
I lose those things all the time.
And if you're going to replace them, Raycon is the way to go.
Two for the price of fun in a way.
So tell mom how much you love her and make sure she hears it.
And crystal clear audio quality with Raycon.
Go to buy Raycon.com slash what's that?
To get 15% off your mother's day order.
Again, that's buy Raycon.com slash what's that?
Thanks Raycon.
And we're back.
Listen, I think we have all three of us.
I think I've done things worthy of an apology.
Right?
Sure.
Yeah.
I'm apologizing all the time.
But sometimes I feel like it gets lost.
What an apology is actually supposed to be.
I recently saw this article on fatherly.com.
Great.
Fuck.
How do apologize?
The six steps of the perfect apology.
So what I thought we could do is we could all talk about something that we feel like we
in the near future need to apologize for.
And then craft on air, the perfect apology according to fatherly.com.
I love that.
This picture is from Pinterest.
Just crying.
Crying.
Crying woman.
She's hurt.
She's been hurt by her husband.
Love me.
Never having to say you're sorry.
Is there.
Disappointed or worthless.
Oh.
I want to write for fatherly.com.
How do you like it?
Just fatherly.
I think we've had to pay me parenting play.
Love and money gear.
Health and science.
I can't talk about it.
Gear.
Wait.
How about the article to the side that says my husband is a good man.
But at home he acts like a clueless intern.
Oh.
No.
Divorce him.
I truly fear that I'm going to become dumb or as I become a dad.
Oh.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
That's what happens.
Yeah.
Because like all of your life force energy goes into like growing these little kids.
My liquefied brain is leaking out of my nipples.
Chaos.
I love this publication.
Here we go.
Step one is expression of regret.
Step two is explanation of what went wrong.
Three is acknowledgement of responsibility.
Four.
Decoration of repentance.
Five offer of repair.
Six request for forgiveness.
So let's start with you.
Okay.
You feel like you need to apologize for.
In the next let's say two weeks.
I really want to genuinely apologize for interrupting you Jeffrey on this podcast.
No, and I appreciate that.
So let's go.
Sure.
Yeah.
I want to express and again.
I just did it just now.
So I want to express my deep regret for interrupting you.
This is your platform.
You deserve to be heard seen and understood.
And it was selfish of me to step over your words.
Just because I could not contain my hysteria and my emotions.
I am a woman.
So it's hard for me to keep my shit in check.
I'm probably going to get my period soon.
So that also is something that went wrong.
And I apologize for that.
And I acknowledge my responsibility in remaining quiet the next time you have something to say until you're fully finished with your thought.
And I promise to not speak again until spoken to or invited to speak.
And I'd like to declare my repentance.
I will say 10 memories and two hour fathers.
And I offer to pay for your next five car repair bills.
That's my offer of repair.
Yep.
And at this time, I would love to humbly request your forgiveness for interrupting you.
It will never happen again.
I'm truly deeply sorry.
And I appreciate it.
I mean, I think everything that just said was good.
I think it was fair.
And I, yeah.
And it didn't make me feel deeply uncomfortable.
Yeah.
Mm.
It's Leslie.
I would like to express regret for all the ass pictures.
I'll be posting when I go to Palm Springs this week.
I'm always in Palm Springs.
I'm sorry.
I'm, I'm sorry for posting too much of me and a new bathing suit I got, which goes right up the crack.
There's no hiding the cheeks they can't be contained.
And so that's what went wrong as I thought the bathing suit would handle it.
The bathing suit cannot handle it.
I don't think this is a good idea, but I feel like you should plug your Instagram now again.
My Instagram is at Susslybro.
If you want to see what went wrong.
Because it went wrong.
It went wrong.
I posted too many pictures of my porn star level ass.
And I take responsibility for what my ass does to people.
I take responsibility.
What's the craziest thing you've seen your ass do to somebody?
Um, well, of course, I immediately went to when I was too young.
And there was an older teacher that said something he should not have said.
Let's go somewhere fun.
And like, um, well, while this, like, someone said something or like,
while this, like, someone did, like, what?
What?
I like to, like, while it is in something, like a caused a, a rocket, let's say.
It caused a rocket.
You took us caused a rocket.
I took us quickly volunteer something that I witnessed when her took us
caused a rocket.
We had an eye with this and the eyes have it.
Let's hear it.
This was on my 27th birthday.
We were at a cabin.
I was dating someone at the time.
And Sessley walked up the stairs in her bikini.
And I saw my boyfriend's face melt off of his skull.
And he had let out an exasperated sign.
He was like, oh, he was like, oh, Sessley's body.
And I was like, you're my boy.
I was fucked up.
I honestly was furious for that.
Because I was like, this is it.
I'll get in the hot tub.
And of course, we all got in the hot tub.
And remember what happened that hot tub Lucy?
We took peppermint oils in the hot tub.
And all of our skin burned.
Yeah.
Don't recommend it.
Don't, you know, don't put essential oils in a hot tub.
Okay.
So I take responsibility for what my asked us to people.
And my deckbook declaration of repentance.
I mean, I will, I'll hide the cheeks.
I'll do what I need to to make everyone else comfortable.
Because as it's my responsibility to hide my body.
You know, they, they don't know what they're doing when they see it.
They should.
Anyway, it's my fault.
My author repair.
I, I offer to, I don't know if you all just saw the movie.
With a gal from normal people.
It's like off brand raw that movie where she's like dating a cannibal.
Anyway, I, in that movie, she gets her asked cut off and
Carterized and he eats it.
So that's, I guess that's the only thing I can do is to offer my ask
and Carterize my bottom and my request.
I request everyone's forgiveness.
Please, please, it would really help me to be forgiven.
So so far, we've silenced women and shamed them for what they were.
Yeah, well, that's your platform, yeah.
No.
I mean, you have the American flag behind you.
Yeah, this is a, this is a quilt.
Yeah, I'm seeing it from like colonial like colonizing.
Yeah, like Betsy Ross.
Betsy Ross's original flag is behind you.
Like you bought that quilt at Crocker barrel, right?
Yeah.
No.
This is, this is the first time I've been genuinely challenged on this show.
And I'm not going to have it.
Okay.
You know how you invite us?
You know.
Um, do you have to categorize your asker?
Can you categorize your asker?
What?
Okay.
Yeah.
Basically the same thing.
No.
Um, I feel like I need to apologize for.
Just, yeah, I went to New York for a couple months.
It's just being gone for so long.
I know that it, what's that?
I said, yeah, you should apologize for that.
I feel like people.
I don't know.
I just, there was like, I feel like I came back to a wreck.
You know, emotional physical.
I just, LA's changed and, you know,
the first time I saw y'all.
It was like, I can see that there's like a shadow behind your eyes
because like the glint was gone.
And so I want to express her grat for exploring another city.
I want to explain that I didn't mean for it to be a personal front,
really of any of my friends, including you guys.
Um, I want to acknowledge that it was my responsibility for doing a housing swap.
Uh, for me to explore Brooklyn after seven years in LA.
I mean, I'm, I'm sorry.
I repent by expressing this deep, deep, um, sorrow.
Um, how do I repair it?
We got to hang out.
I think we should be drunk at the Wena Planta.
I just went there.
Okay.
Then we'll wait a couple weeks.
It's when you're craving to Wena.
So I'm craving like a thick mole at 11 a.m.
I always am.
Always am.
Every day.
Um, and I request your, your forgiveness.
Okay. So you're requesting our forgiveness for you having
wonder last and traveling and staying in New York for a couple,
four months.
Well, when you put it like that, it sounds awesome.
Um, I'm sorry that you gave us the pleasure of meeting Anika.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
You guys, I love her.
And I'm sorry that you ever came back.
Yeah.
We're sorry.
You came back.
Yeah.
Let me do.
Um.
Full steam ahead.
We've another thing to get to.
Um, do you guys know, jeopardy?
Yeah.
Um, will have you ever played?
Um.
It's the same rules as jeopardy with the twist.
Uh, the twist is that it's for actual cash.
So, um, every number you see on this board is money that you can make, uh,
that I will genuinely Venmo you on this, uh, on the company card, uh, until, uh,
the fat lady sings.
Um.
Turn a phrase to do.
Yeah.
No, that on this episode, especially here we go.
Uh, categories are mom's tennis partner Glenn.
Um, things to do on Mother's Day.
Mills, which I'm regretting.
Brunch anyone.
And Mother Earth's sex appeal.
Oh, great.
Um.
Can we buzz in?
Uh, just say, well, well,
buzz.
It's a jeopardy where it's like you control the board.
You do it.
And then if you can't answer it, it goes to the other person.
Yes.
But someone has to buzz first, I think.
Okay.
Um, well, let's start with Lucy because,
Um, but I buzz.
I literally made a buzz sound.
But no questions were asked yet.
No question.
What?
This is, uh, back.
Okay.
All right.
Oh, I have to be like, oh, I'll take Mother's sex appeal for three hundred.
You control the board.
Okay.
I'll take Mother Earth's sex appeal for three hundred, please.
Mother Earth's sex appeal for three hundred.
Mother Earth's Adonis built.
Who is Orion?
Uh, that's going to be incorrect.
Uh, bro.
The equator.
The, uh, answer you're looking for was what is India?
Oh.
Because it kind of goes.
It's cut.
Okay.
Sess leaves wasn't really an answer.
Um, all right.
Sess the controls the board.
Okay.
Um, I will take Milf's for three hundred.
Milf's for three hundred.
A Tony nominated actor known best for any and sister act.
Uh, new plans, please.
Uh, okay.
Okay.
Hold on.
That's known for.
And sister act has not been turned into a musical.
Right.
Can I ask a question or not?
No.
Is it a musical?
Yeah.
It was turned into a stage musical.
I think, but it didn't.
But we're talking sister act.
The movie.
Okay.
Oh.
Um.
Well.
Is it there?
Isn't there supposed to be a countdown?
Oh, my god.
At a time.
Lucy.
I also don't know.
But I'm going to go with who is Bernadette Peters.
Oh.
I mean, I want to give it to you.
But the answer, looking for is who is lowest abansy.
Oh, my god.
What?
Hahaha.
I feel like Carol Burnett is in sister act.
It is.
Lucy controls the board.
Okay.
Let's go with.
Brunch anyone for 200 please.
Brunch anyone for 200 clams on the half shell with bread crumbs and bacon.
What?
Hahaha.
Is this a dish?
I'm supposed to be naming.
Yes.
Oh.
What is?
Clams on the half shell with bread crumbs and bacon.
Mommy's surprised.
Actually, you know what?
I'm going to give you that one.
What?
Clams casino.
Oh, my god.
Did you know that says?
Of course not.
Hahaha.
Quite least it controls the board.
Wow.
You just gave it to me.
Let's do.
Let's do mom's tennis partner Glenn for 100 please.
Mom's tennis partner Glenn for 100.
When dad is away on business.
Hmm.
Actually, I think you guys, I think you can buzz in.
How?
Just say buzz.
Buzz.
Yes.
Sessily.
Glenn and Mommy will play.
I'll give you that one.
Thank you.
When does Glenn usually come over?
Hahaha.
Oh, good.
Sessily controls the board.
Okay.
I'm going to go with.
Milf's for 200.
George Costanza's mom.
Ah, dog.
Buzz.
Yes.
The woman who also also voiced the potato head in toy story.
Correct.
Who is a still heris?
Thank you.
Nice.
Still know the name.
Girls the board.
Okay.
I'll take brunch for 300.
Brunch anyone for 300.
A cupcake who hasn't gotten dressed yet.
Buzz.
Lucy.
Uh, muffin.
Correct.
Yes.
Ah, what is a muffin?
Lucy controls the board.
Mother Earth sex appeal for 200, please.
Mother Earth sex appeal for 200.
The kinkyest boarder in the world.
Hmm.
Buzz.
Yes.
The border between the United States and Mexico.
Buzz.
Possessually.
Boy.
The kinkyest boarder in the world.
Ah, I'm okay.
I'm thinking.
You're looking for what is borrow.
What is borrow?
It's between the Netherlands and Belgium I think.
Why are you kinky?
It has.
There's a city on the border where there's spots that are Belgian and spots that are net.
Uh, what is another Lyndon?
Oh.
See, I was thinking you were like talking about like mountains and stuff.
Like, okay.
I'm here.
Don't ever do that to me again.
Never allowed.
All right.
Sessely controls the board.
Okay.
I'll take mom's tennis partner Glenn for 300.
Mom's tennis partner Glenn for 300.
No.
Buzz.
Yes.
Sir.
Okay.
Buzz.
Glenn and mom running away together.
Lucy.
Is dad ever going to come home after this?
We're looking for does dad like Glenn.
Lucy controls the board.
Let's do things to you on Mother's Day for 300.
Please.
All right.
Shelving your feet into tiny shoes to achieve pediatric profession.
Buzz.
Yes.
Binding.
Foot binding.
Correct.
Success.
Sessely controls the board.
I know all about that because my mom made me do it.
No.
Never.
Let's do a low, low, low thing.
So do you want Mother's Day 200?
The best way to get some vitamin D buzz.
Yeah.
Mother's Day sex.
I'll give you that.
We'll look for what is Sunning your asshole.
Nice.
All right.
Sessely.
Let's do.
Mills for 100.
A beloved comedian slash actor known best for golden girls.
I copy and paste it this.
And the Mary Tyler remorse show.
Auga.
Buzz.
Lucy.
Who is Betty fucking white?
Go.
Yes.
Um.
You're in control.
Mom's tennis partner.
Glenn for 200.
Please.
You're being strategic because you're trying to pull ahead.
I got a little head.
I think he's cooler than my dad and I tell him that sometimes.
Buzz.
Yeah.
What is Sun?
Buzz.
Yeah.
Who is mom's tennis partner Glenn?
You're looking for what do you think of Glenn?
Okay.
We're asking the kid.
I see.
Sure.
It is.
You control the board.
Let's do.
Things to do on Mother's Day 100.
An ancient ritual involving purposely getting stung by bees.
Oh.
Buzz.
Yes.
What is the romantic scene in season two of Bridgeerton?
I'll give you that one.
Really looking for what is a pitet there?
Appet therapy.
Whoa.
A pitet therapy.
Uh, Lucy.
Brunch, anyone?
For what?
Please.
Ex Benedict with the addition of steamed spinach.
Oh.
Woo.
Buzz.
Lucy.
Healthy Ex Benedict.
Sessing what are you going to say?
We've never done this, but let me just cross.
Okay.
Green eggs and ham.
I'm going to give it to Lucy.
Uh, it's what is Ex Florentine.
Oh.
Is that real?
Yeah.
Oh my god.
It's a it's a tiebreaker.
It's an absolute tie.
This is for nine hundred dollars.
Wow.
Sessley.
Should we split it no matter what happens?
No matter what happens.
Yes.
It's your cash to do with what you please.
Okay.
Including sending it back to me because I.
Can't afford to give you that.
The most vaginal part of the world.
Oh.
Uh.
Okay.
Buzz.
That wasn't supposed to.
I was supposed to say correct.
Yes.
What?
The most vaginal part.
The Panama Canal.
That's good though.
Buzz.
Yes.
What is dolphin cove?
What is that?
Well, it's a documentary.
But it's also like, you know, there's a cove.
It's wet.
It's like inside of a little eyelid.
And then it's all those slippery dolphins.
They're swimming in there.
Splash around.
Flash.
I'll give you that.
I mean, I was looking for Grand Canyon.
But dolphin cove is a way more sexual.
Grand Canyon's dry.
And it's pretty like nationalism.
You're bringing nationalism into this.
Right.
What's your Venmo?
This is so fucking fun.
It's at Lucy.
Blie.
LUCY.
BL-E.
And that's for all the listeners out there too.
You can Venmo me at Lucy.
LUCY.
BL-E.
Sussly.
Have's coming your way.
Thank you so much Lucy.
My Venmo is at Sussly.
C-E-C-I-L-Y.
Dashbro.
BR-E-A-U-X.
And you can also Venmo me anytime.
I promise you, I'll pay it forward.
Wait, you're joking, Jeffrey.
What?
He actually just Venmo me at $100.
No.
Jeff.
Aww.
Sussly.
We just...
We just made a...
We just made bank.
You're kidding, Jeffrey.
Jeff, it's a joke.
This is a joke.
I'll send it back.
My Venmo balance is so high right now.
Circle.
Julia?
Jeff?
This picture?
I can't tell if this is a joke or not.
Do I need to send this back?
I really can't afford to give you that money,
but I'm a man on my word.
I thought you said it was on the company card.
Well, that's technically non-expense.
I can't pull up after this podcast to see what the real truth is.
the real truth is, but I'm going to be at until we're done recording.
Yeah, it's kept. But thank you, Jeff. Our sweet one.
Plugs. What do you guys have going on?
We want to point the people to floor as yours.
Let's start with, Cecilie.
Okay. Well, you can come to my weekly show. I think you might be by weekly
because Mama's booking some stuff, which is exciting.
Oh, I'm shit. Hey, commercial. If you want to watch me in a bank commercial,
it's coming sometime after I finish shooting this week.
Capitalogue? No. No. Well, no. It's, I don't even know what it is.
God bless. There's lots of things out there. It's bank. It's this thing.
Thank you. Thank you. If you want to just follow me at Susley Bro and on TikTok at Susley Bro
come to my show, it's at the front at 8 p.m. I like to book,
comedians have a great time. Come to Lucy and I show Teddy committee,
June's jacket. We're going to drop some links for the tickets soon.
We have a gorgeous lineup. It's a surprise. We don't leave you. But wait, wait,
sure. And yeah, if you want to see me on TV, you can watch me on the dropout.
And there's a movie called Destroyer Reeves See Me Get Killed. So you can watch that, too.
Oh, and Lucy, Lucy, and I have a big night of sketches that we're producing writing and
starring in. It's May 24th. And we're looking, it's at the complex.
Yeah, we, us with Mary Ryan and Ashley Williams have produced it. We have a niche of
Jack and often in there. We have a mom getty. We have some great people in and it's us acting
writing and we've produced it. So I'm so excited for that. Those are all very funny people.
No, we're very, come on down 7 p.m. On Tuesday, the 24th.
Lucy, plug, plug, plug. Oh, my plug. Follow me at Lucy,
Lee LUCY, BLE on TikTok and Instagram. Also follow over sharing.tv. I have a mini web series that I'll
be pitching to Frick and Streaming soon that you should follow along for a very exciting.
Also, you can see me in and up coming intel commercial where I am a woman doing business
on a windy rooftop deck. What else? This is woman. She's a business woman.
I know that I look like when I act like when I carry myself that way. I think I think that's it.
Yeah, come to Titty Committee. And yeah, social media. Also, Fenmomi, Lucy, BLE.
That would be great. Thanks.
And you could follow me on Twitter at Jeff Boyardee on Instagram at Jeffrey James. I want to end
off on this. Let's both of you guys say one word as a reason. Say one word that justifies
this show continuing on or at the very least this episode being uploaded because they they
changed my email login so I can't even upload it. Okay, us. Part.
That was a hit them original.